Add `osu! community meeting: Performance Points and Star Rating Development Q&A` news post (#7882)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-08-26-community-meeting-pp-and-sr-developments.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu! community meeting: Performance Points and Star Rating Development Q&A"
date: 2022-08-26 10:00:00 +0000
---

Got some questions about the future direction of your game mode's Performance Points or Star Rating development? Ask them live during an upcoming Q&A panel hosted on the osu!dev Discord server!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/media/generic-header.jpg)

Due to popular demand, the [Performance Points Committee](/wiki//People/Performance_Points_Committee) (and associates) have decided to host a series of community meetings to address any questions or concerns you may have about the latest developments surrounding performance points and star rating!

Here's a brief rundown on how the community meetings will work:

> - There will be a Q&A panel for each of the osu! game modes, lasting 1 - 1.5 hours each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There will be a Q&A panel for each of the osu! game modes, lasting 1–1.5 hours each.
```

- These panels will be hosted on the [official osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) through a Discord stage channel.
- During each panel, audience members can raise their hand to be invited onto the stage to ask their question. Audience members can also type their questions in the relevant thread, or pre-submit their questions [here](https://forms.gle/Q3YSYZF5ZCEuqXtZ7) if they cannot attend.

> Below is the schedule for the community meetings. You can tune in live through the Discord stage channel, and we'll update this newspost with links to the talks should they be recorded or streamed for those who can't make it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the schedule for the community meetings. You can tune in live through the Discord stage channel, and we'll update this news post with links to the talks should they be recorded or streamed for those who can't make it.
```
